al al al al
[Music]
P ah
k
[Music]
a
el
[Music]
ah Oh
a
[Music]
Oh
Javi Greetings from Dallas Texas I do
Uber and all your live shows accompany me
on all your channels a hug red heart
[Music]
Valencia
Oh ah
[Music]
Hello Javi several days without seeing you how
are you
[Music]
P
Good night family How are you
Well the truth is that you have screwed my
[ __ ] life eh You have screwed my [ __ ]
life how dare you screw my [ __ ]
life like this and that I have to
open live on a Saturday at 1:20 in the
morning how have you screwed my life if
you didn't want to turn it on Of course you didn't
want to turn it on if today wasn't the
day to turn it on But anyway it's going to be
quick  Okay, let's get to it, let's
see what there is.
Francisco Javier, I want to congratulate you
on your coverage of the
Valencia tragedy. You have demonstrated
unique professionalism and versatility.
Great. Frank cuesta luares tesa and the
kids, how beautiful. What a beautiful message.
Thank you very much. How beautiful. Thank you very much.
There we go. We
do what we can. We do what we
can. Tell me the title is "bite."
Well, the truth is, no, it's not bite. Okay,
let's see what we're going to see. It's
quite curious, unfortunate for my
taste, but well, there is each one what they
do, what they say and how they handle themselves in
life. I understand that many times there are
women. Look, something happened to me
when I was a kid and I think that this is not a
thing
for men or women. I think
this is something that happens to all of us,
okay, especially when we have little
experience in love. Okay, in the end,
Auron, even though he is 36 years old, has little
experience in love because what he has
had is a relationship of many
years, always the same partner. And well,
probably also. Even in that
relationship, the one who would take the reins
would not be the vin,
but you also have to.  remember that he is
a person eh Very easily in love falls
in love quickly falls in love I don't
understand why Because the truth is a
person
eh that physically maybe he
is not Kevin Corner no but damn he has an
overwhelming personality he has a good
heart eh he is funny he makes
people laugh he has charisma he has a gift for the gab in the end
I think he can find eh He will not
have problem finding a partner
when you need it but of course you do not have to
go looking for it but
you can have sex and if necessary it happens but
when a person has cheated on you
a hundred times Well I think it's
not your thing But of course this is what
we were getting at in this, it happens a lot with
adolescence H But well I understand that
at these ages it is due to a lack of
experience maybe or because of not learning he
wants more character development the
poor guy wants more
character development but of course he is
devolving instead of
evolving this is The more of an [ __ ] he is
with you the more you go after that
person that has happened all of God's life
eh I mean that's a law of life
when you are crazy  and you give
everything to a
person okay I remember even
when when when my first flirts as a
super romantic guy I was like super on
top trying to cure your relationship
not many messages a lot this very the
better you are with a person that
person doesn't love you if you give
everything to a person that person doesn't
love you the person wants you to give them
one decal and another this is from men to
women and from women to men it's the law of
life it's like this it works like this okay I mean
when a person is giving you one
good and one bad and now you call them
and they're not there and they don't want to hang out with you they
reject you now they leave you stranded now that's
when you go after them when it bites you and you
go after them Okay when when you are good with a
person
then la la la the person with whom you
are starting the relationship well no no you don't
satisfy them you don't satisfy them and this is how it is Okay and
here what is happening is that law of
life but in both in both ways
okay on one hand he is horny imo
and he would do anything to get back with her
and he would forgive her everything but it's not that I would forgive her everything look at
me  already seeing what happened
today and this has happened to me when kids, I
mean, I speak from experience
even No, not only in these moments
his behavior With Gemita it's not just
that he if Gemita crawls well he forgives her
No, no, no for me, for me his
behavior right now with Gemita is
that he wants
her to do it so that he has an excuse
to forgive her we have the new Juan
Guarnizo of the internet Haha
Unfortunately a little yes in fact
people are starting to make this meme
people are starting to make this
meme
But
well, I don't know if we're getting
ahead of ourselves but it literally is like this eh I
mean the situation right now that I
believe the situation that I believe right now
that I could be wrong eh but I
think that I'm not wrong the
situation right now is that it's not that
he would go back to her if she crawls
and cries Tears of blood No, no, it's that
he wants Auron, realize he already
insinuated abuse to you, he cheated on you This is going to
end badly, my friend, realize Gema
loves Auron but it disgusts him
Ral, that's very good eh Very good
observation, you understood me  I've
explained a little like [ __ ] but I don't
know how I don't know how to explain it okay look
here we have that situation in life
That law of life goes both ways on one
hand we have him in his element and her and
whenever she wants whenever she wants she's
with him again and on the other hand we have
her who evidently is
n't satisfied by Auron she knows she has him there She knows that
whenever she wants she'll grab him there she has him
okay But she's not satisfied
by Auron she wants a
guy she wants a guy who screwed
her who ignores her who rejects her
okay I mean this is how it is okay And what
I believe what I believe is that Auron
in this deep down deep down he
knows this deep down he knows
But he can't resist it because
right now he's in his element in his
element no as
Gonzalez Vela would say no I mean I don't know if I've
explained myself okay It's not that she comes
crawls cries Tears of blood and
then he says come on I'll give you another
chance No
he's going to make it easy I mean he
almost  she's going to beg her to
come and ask for forgiveness that would be more or
less my explanation I don't know if you
understood me but it is like this it is like this okay it is like this okay
the question okay the
question here we have to have
all the ingredients on the table so we do
n't forget a single ingredient
please okay we have to keep in mind that
auron
in his last
stream said the
following damn Wait for a
donation to come out I [ __ ] myself How are you How are you days
everything okay the truth all the
laps suck a blessing to me and
my boyfriend please birthday on
October 31st damn Wait for a
donation to come out I [ __ ] myself how are you how are you
tusas I hope everything is okay tod
Send me a blessing to me and my boyfriend
please birthday on October 31st
lap lap what you had today
in the kinlist box
the cameras caught you there with
gemita okay there we can see there I cover it
there we can see auron with gemita in
the box Gema I was wrong  just auron
deleted or new account let's come back
Gema
auron Sorry there shouldn't have been heo
auron I don't forgive you I forgive you don't cry
anymore if I haven't cried
Auro
Oh anyway the image has been seen here
okay a kiss Julio the image has been seen here
this was recorded by someone who
was in the audience I mean clearly
watching the two of them there Okay he has
responded with
a message a bit XD not in his
WhatsApp broadcast group incredible what the
AI does I think it's a real
shame here we have another
shot here we have another shot Let's see
let's try to zoom in
And that is auron okay the same one we
saw in the other image there you can
see him auron with perchita and there
goes gemita to the
attacker beds Play beds Play Okay
well I don't understand it okay I don't
understand it but apart from that apart is that this
evidently no no no there is no
artificial intelligence not even close and it's more
okay there are people on
Twitter who have tweeted this are people who
were enjoying today's
drakin event both inside and out eh I
mean because there have been people  that he has
seen them together inside and outside okay What is
Auron doing in the cabin with
Gemita I don't know if Auron and Gema are
together but I have seen them both
together I have
seen them okay I mean they have seen them
around the stadium too
okay they have seen them around the
stadium too and this is already
the confirmation that I believe that
Gemita did this on purpose eh I already
know How is
Gemita's thing going this Gemita did this on
purpose This is Auron's car okay what you
are seeing here is
Auron's car Play
Ok many stories and so on you can
check it out yes she does this this
she did it on purpose eh You
have many moments in the day to
upload a story And you know perfectly well
that people take the car I mean
this This is on
purpose I was buying things for
a meeting and you come out with this
news it seems like it's what
rich old people do not learn the lesson
greetings
grandpa everyone is responsible for their
actions Hey be careful because maybe what he
's thinking is I'm going to get
laid and outside you understand me  I mean I'm going to get
laid because it drives me crazy
having things with this woman okay but
here here there is here there is love eh I mean a
person for whom she has suffered level
stop working for I don't know how
long
okay she does this on purpose eh
here she is doing her mission of eh
the typical Okay
mm let's go This is the typical Gemita
no I mean it's not that I have no no
that people see me that I'm with
Auron that people catch me no that
people find the seat find that
this is the car Auron's Mercedes
Play Rescuing Private Gema this
girl niagua man well I'm telling you Look there
are people there are people who have seen it
even clearer and have Compared the
door to me they were unfaithful to me and even so I
tried to come back because I was weak until I
decided to cut her out of my life because it was the
best thing to do
aur No no no but let's see This is a
girl who can't I mean this is a
girl who was no longer Look outside part
of everything that has happened went from Auron
Play to Auron BS The disappointment The  betrayal
brother There is no king salvati
[ __ ] but let's see this This is a girl
who is going to do it again eh I mean she
knows this he knows this is he is already
falling here she is doing a little chewing
okay I mean this is a girl who can't help but
cheat and he
knows that eh this this he knows I mean this is
no this is like the island of
temptations look
when it is very typical to go back to an ex
even with horns in between Look at
the example of Juan time will tell and
she will get what she is
reaping she will mark a nug God tell me
yes Please no no no no no no this is not the
case eh This is not the case
eh This is not the case it is not like that at all
eh this he is deceiving himself right now
she knows Latin with him
she knows Latin with him and she handles it
as she wants and knows and knows what key to
hit Auron when she wants okay v
Look, it's not only that she
took him today it's that she let herself be
recorded a Estefania is going to mark a
Stefania who let herself be recorded in the
car, so what does she do with it? This is it. Look,
the car, this seat is mine. I do whatever the
[ __ ] I want. I mean, not only are you
going to take me in the car to the Kill,
but I'm going to record myself in the car
so that today it's trending top, that I
got into your
car, okay, this is her dominating the
terrain And the thing is that he, uh, knows
perfectly well because he
knows that she can't control the
fidelity. Okay,
look, but here I'll tell you one thing, I
mean, me and I get along with him, no, uh, but
here I'll tell you one thing and this is the
most sincere thing I can tell you when he
cheated on you once, the
same thing happened with Estefana from the island of
temptations that you just
mentioned to me and so on, no m when they
put the games on you the first time, damn
Poor thing, [ __ ] the poor [ __ ] what they
did to him when they put it on you when they
put it on you in the second time [ __ ] man, you
fell because you're in love [ __ ] they
put it on you again, okay, when are they going on
the fifth  the sixth one now my son the one
to blame for them putting them on you is
you okay I mean they're putting it on you on
purpose so you let them put it on you V
this girl hasn't cheated on
Ral once she's put it on him several times I'm
sorry but he has no dignity and she
has no scruples but she's not her No she's into the
subject of flirting and subject of affairs and
so on she keeps it she lives her life she
lives her life okay him let's
see Hey I want to think that
maybe she's telling him listen to me that I don't care about
feelings that what I
want is that this girl drives me crazy
during sex and I want to have a night
of lust tonight but it's not like that eh I mean
this This is about Look let's see we're
talking about a girl who called
you who insinuated abuse in public
we're talking about a girl who
[ __ ] you like a vampire she rhymed with you
without you liking it she signed you and
bit you on the neck
200,000 subscribers okay for
me Instagram boom photos shared On
my  Instagram pim pam pam pam has made
fun of the
infidelity And
still and still insinuates a
deal okay And so now you go and it's
not that you're sleeping with her or
that you're hooking up with her or that you fall one
day because you have her at hand no no no no
no the girl you're taking her to the
stadium and the girl is telling you here I'm in
charge here I'm going to upload a
story I'm going to upload a story in
your car so that today it's a trending topic
and in case it's not clear with the story of the
car I'm going to get into your cabin
of the k lich the moment that I see the
opportunity I'm going to get inside the
cabin so that it's a trend
again why Because I just lost
200,000 followers on Instagram that I
had already taken from you okay or so this is how it is
then Auron can give it the
tint he wants and he can deceive himself
But this this works like this this is very It's that it's
very simple it has no more
history it has no more history okay do you think
that people support the relationship of  No no
people are not going to support this relationship but
come on not even the mother and the
brother support it now we'll see he doesn't support it
how are they going to support this but if
this is not even supported by him right now
what he is is
chalked Sodom. Hello tasty old man. Hello Dark do
you love me? Hey we have passed 3000
members I think it would be nice not
tonight 3200 people here we just started
live I don't think I'll be here for
long because I have plans tomorrow
with my boyfriend okay And not that Loy made a
mess mm But it would be nice if each
one gave away five members five
members I don't ask for more five members
sites 3000 people the 4000 we don't
eat it at least in a please
plan to me this is the la la let's go it's that I find it
very funny how
she imposes herself on Auron Play and says no no no no
no you are Auron Play but I
have you by the balls and I
do what the hell I want and I'm
going to get in your car you're going to
take me to the stadium and I go  to upload a
story so that everyone can see that
I get in your
car she knows perfectly well that this
story about the car is
viral she has all day to upload a
story wherever she wants with whatever
background she wants she can get off
at the stadium and take a picture with a
wall and she can serve the story on
a wall in a living room with a black background
go back to that woman after all she's
done is have no
self-love or respect when she should
send her to hell poor Auron is
blinded but I don't think he's blinded
okay because blinded is something else blinded is something else
blinded is that you don't see
how they are playing with you and you believe her
deceptions he is not deceived he
is being a [ __ ] I'm sorry but he
is doing it with consent he is
doing this with consent he knows
perfectly well Gemita's profile what it
is he knows perfectly well how Gemita
handles herself he knows perfectly well what
Gemita is going to do to him he knows
perfectly well that if he doesn't get in
the car today the other one will get her the
other
team's car he knows that
perfectly well but it's simply I
can't say no I can't say
no  That's that's the situation of
auron Play right now okay And not
just sex eh I'm going back to you auron
needs a clip of the Sevillian theme Do it
grandpa do it for auron for all the
kids in the world Do it
grandpa okay record it record it and
send it to me on Twitter
okay record it and and send it to me
on Twitter that I'm going to upload it
okay What's up [ __ ] betas What's up [ __ ]
betas auron Play here the Sevillian Tech is
going to give you an injury quote of what's
happening to you churri so that it wakes you up
so that you go drink a
legendary cola on the weekend there at
Ros a la I don't know if it's still called
rosso the anti no but that you take
a walk because there are many girls there
who are surely hotter than
Gemita and also have a heart
better than Gemita's Why Because they
are when friend let's see espila okay there is
a law of life that is happening here
in both directions okay this is a law
of life that we have men and women
since we were born and it can't be avoided
you are not attracted sexually or
sentimentally to a person who is
behaving well with you, who gives you everything
and would do anything to be
with you if a person gives you everything,
gives you a bouquet of flowers, always arrives
on time every time they meet with you, they never
say no to anything and every morning they send you
a good morning text
with a string with glitter and a
love message, you tell that person to [ __ ]
off because they know you have them
here you like people who
turn their backs on you, who let you [ __ ] around, you
tell them to meet up and they tell you they have another
plan, the one you catch giving a like to
another guy who is hotter, the one you
give you one good and one bad thing, the
more they screw you and how much they wait, they come back, and
the more of a bastard or [ __ ] they are with you,
the more they attract you, that's a law of life, okay,
that's being respected in this relationship
today in both ways, Gemita
knows that she has Auron here and that when she
wants, Loene is at her disposal,
therefore Gemita doesn't like it  Ral does
n't satisfy Gemita Auron Play Gemita
uses Auron Play for what she wants to
use him she knows that when she wants he's there
and that's it Okay, she has nothing, she has nothing
more, she has no more mystery
and Auron is as Gonz Vela would say, in
chochi, Auron is as Gonz Vela would say,
in chochi, what would it be in chochi, well, very
simple eh So that you understand, I'll
give you an example after Gemita
gives him 25
horns, she laughs and makes jokes on Stream
about infidelity and even to top it off,
to put the icing on the cake, she insinuates
abuse, she doesn't have to crawl or
anything for Auron to come back to
her, I mean, we don't have a situation here
in which Auron says, Well, I'm going to give him
another chance because he's been
crying, Tears of blood, no, here the
situation is very different, he would be the
beta in this relationship What does
this mean? Well, it means that
Auron is
praying for Gemita to come back, tasty old man,
they got back together What does this mean?
Well, most likely he has
asked her please to
repent as it sounds harsh but it is like
that okay it is exactly literally and
then we have a situation that is already
completely here Auro is not being
deceived This is not that he is blind I have
read many comments out there and
the Sevillian temat is telling you keep
talking to me like this please I'm almost finished
calm down calm down please I
'm reading I'm reading in my chat
okay many comments that are
saying Auron is blind Auron can't see he doesn't
know no no no no Auron is not blind
unless he has smoked a
huge firecracker before going to bed he is not blind blind is that you are
deceived Blind is that they
promise you heaven and
you fall and you believe the person and
trust them it is worthless
absolutely nothing Auron knows
perfectly well what
Gemita is made of knows what her condition is Auro
knows perfectly well What
his situation is and what his role is and what her role is
Auron is not blind he is not
being deceived he knows perfectly well
Gemita's female profile
Gemita's condition and  auron knows
perfectly well that she doesn't have a
problem with fidelity,
okay, I mean, this is not that he's blind,
this is that he's crazy and can't
say no, I mean, he's aware and he's
completely
knowledgeable and consenting to what's
going on and what they're going to do to him, okay,
but to such an extent, to such an extent that
she, as you can see here, okay, as you can see
here, she uploads an Instagram story
in auron's car. Play, as an expert
on the subject, I can assure you that
this is HM marking
territory, this is marking territory.
This is your car, meme in your car so
that any female who
gets in smells like me, okay, smells like my perfume, I
lose some dyed blonde hair, this
is marking territory, but she, uh, I mean,
because she considers that territory to be
hers, why, because she considers that
auron owes it to her, her strategy is
not
love, her strategy is another, as
Marifer Centeno said in the reading of
body language. No, she was more
worried about her profession than what was going to
happen to her profession, what was going to happen
to love if she was going to lose that
person  I wasn't going to get her back gemita
like a vampire a few months ago she bit
Auron's neck Play and
automatically 200,000 followers on
Instagram posts together and that's how it is
and Auro couldn't refuse Okay
what has he done now well this
is very simple we have a situation in
which he puts her in the car and
takes her to the stadium okay he takes her to the
stadium being perfectly
aware that this is very important
he being perfectly aware that
if he doesn't take her to the stadium
someone else from the Andorra Football Club or
any of the teams that are there
in the Kill takes someone
else but nevertheless he puts her in the
car Javi You haven't spoken to Aura these
days It doesn't make him or n s e j s he puts her in
the car and
she to mark and finish marking the
territory uploads a story on her
Instagram riding in the car being
completely aware being
completely
aware that today was becoming a trend
because people are going to find out and are going to
realize perfectly well that this is
Auron's car Play she knows that
eh She didn't do it unintentionally
absolutely not at all in fact she did
finished says just in case they don't
realize that I got into
Auron's car Play and comments all over Twitter
and it's trending at night just in case they do
n't comment on it the moment I have
the chance I get into his
King cabin so they can photograph me with him
okay there we are, I wasn't losing
followers and uploads a story on
Instagram to go
viral This is not a mistake nor was it an
accident eh stop with that [ __ ]
[ __ ] this was not an
accident she is
perfectly knowledgeable
she could have uploaded this story
When she
wanted she could upload it with a wall in the
background she can wait for him to go down to the
stadium And do it in a bathroom she
did it on purpose in Auron's car
so that people
realize info about Valencia And how to help
come on man for God's sake info about
Valencia in the story you've had all
day in the world I mean this is her
Come on I'm going to tell you more how this
story has been look here have This is Auron's car
this the car here you see the door
Okay and it matches perfectly well well
the end of the world has come we're going
to die
all Okay okay the end of the world has
arrived we're
all going to die okay it's Auron's car and she
did it on purpose Look at this
I'll tell you more like a story
about Valencia came up okay suddenly you don't have
time in the day you don't have
time in the day to upload
about the subject of Valencia all
week you haven't had any time
all day to upload a story
just when they catch you in the car with
Auro there she uploads it this is very simple
she goes and says I'm in the car right now
here with him what excuse me what
excuse I'm looking for the topic of the moment
Valencia Let's go I'm going to upload whatever there's
a lot of chaos disorganization and things
that aren't being shown thanks gemita
We needed you to know and this
ladies and gentlemen is the female marking
territory and a boy right now
completely dominated why Because he
has lacked
life experience he is letting his face be seen by
her poor thing Yes yes
totally Hey send me that don't send me
that completely
no the new Tech eh
the new
tem this she knows perfectly well
facts cinema grandpa I'm glad  I'm glad I'm
glad you liked it, the
truth is that my goodness is that we are going to be a
cheek but my goodness this was not
funny at all
grandpa, let him hit that
wall again, maybe with that second blow he will
end up driving him crazier than ever, there is no
Prime eh There is no Prime anymore
eh but this is beyond this is beyond
Juan Guarnizo man I mean, I could even
pass on the subject that it's
Vi's new boyfriend who is giving her the
training class at the gym You well, go on, he
is giving people work but
but [ __ ] already let you do this
for Gemita man a kiss
Alex like Will in me no no la la the
mother and the brother Silvia I know that no, I know that you do
n't love me very much Silvia
but I give you my hand, I'm with you,
Silvia, I'm with you, Silvia, I'm really eh, I
'm with you says Auron's brother, I'm
going to a cave The more
things I know, the less I understand, it must be that I'm
weird and Silvia says, look wait for me, I'm
going with you to the cave Silvia, make a
hole over there, make a
hole through  there next to where I'm going with
you mother of God
Love is magic a sad fantasy
like a dream and I finally
found it the auroners aurom's brother
you me all right now it does
n't make
sense Estefana
it doesn't make any sense
dude But well they're older right Javi What
can we do to save
auron well we'd have to see
but but There's a but one thing is to break
a heart which is something that will happen to all of us
at some
point or to have it broken and another thing
is to rip out a heart eh And literally
throw it on the ground spit on it and [ __ ] on yourself
okay And that's basically what
happened to me I mean I basically
eh I
placed all my trust I opened the
doors of my life to a person I gave them
all the love that that that was in
my being
and well and it turned out that this person
Basically used me like a
circus puppet The truth and that's it And that's the
summary of it all I mean sometimes you take
these hits and you take them and all you have to do is
learn from them it's that you have no
other choice What do you do  auron Play the new
Cook of the internet ad
Juan and Juan vetido de bpol eh now
eh
my goodness to
Javi this was coming And that was not
even known 30% of the
story and that was not
known true
[Music]
and disappointment actually a little disappointment the
truth How sad it makes me
for auron he does not have a friend to
tell him that it does not work ps I missed you Javi I
depend on your live shows 247 a kiss a
kiss Thank you very much man the
first thing you have to do is your
family the first thing you have to do is your
family Let's see what
Fran said about the subject of Valencia since
we are here live it just came
out to me that he has done
a little direct Well I don't know if it is a little
direct a video because he has
uploaded it as a
video So let's listen to our
grandfather we are not going to listen to our
father
no, the thing about Valencia is being a [ __ ]
shame okay I'm not going to bother you too much
here Eduardo a kiss well
especially here on this channel it is
true that a large part of the atam the
people who follow me but I recommend
that you see everything that's happening
especially on the telesalseo channel where I've
done a couple of live shows explain yourself
[Music]
natural catastrophe
a natural catastrophe can't be avoided Well that can be
debated because
certain facilities and certain
constructions that were there on
dams and a lot of things that were
removed can be discussed But well those are bad
decisions but the problem is that
a lot of deaths could have been avoided a
lot a lot of deaths
100% because they knew the danger that was there
and they knew hours before that the rain
was taking everything and that it was
overflowing
okay pathetic but no longer happy with
the poor management and not having warned
the people and having put them to
get to safety not on notice no longer
happy with that the government
still hasn't done anything the government has been
lying there for 4 days it seems it
seems like that purge okay people
[Music]
stealing space just sent me
something but I've dealt with that  already an gossip I'm
not going to address it again here okay
but yes Tomorrow there's a charity event
by
gref is that I have addressed it on
telesalseo everything everything related to
the Valencia issue And then I
recommend that you watch it live
there because everything is
perfectly
contextualized a lot of videos of
how the
situation is well guys I've been talking for
10 minutes and I was muted I just
realized grandpa I just realized
that I was muted very good very good very
good Now you do have audio now you
are listening to me a kiss Alan very
handsome do you know anything about Jordi No the
truth is that not only do I know that he posted
a tweet I think he has had a
human loss no I don't know if it's eh one
human loss or several no but that he has had
human losses and that it's screwed up it's screwed
no luar I didn't see it I didn't see it I didn't see it I didn't see it
but
come on go send it to me I mean it's all there send it to me I
was telling you that I was going to talk
while Paloma is cleaning there she
is cleaning like this while some
work we are sitting in the
chair here play the cataplines How it should
be Ah How it should be Paloma has
several little things there several little things
eh this week I wasn't doing many
live shows or anything because because as you
know Plex is around here eh that
Conillo came Juan, a guy, a very correct guy,
the truth is, very polite, very, very nice,
the truth is and And the truth is that I haven't
had much time to do live shows or
to get on the networks, we were up
and down, we were
recording things and then between one
thing and another you don't get involved, you don't get on
the networks, no
Ah, obviously something very serious is happening in
Spain, I've been
aware of that since day one, eh
There are many people who are doing
live shows, many people who are doing
and How do you say this, get-togethers to do
streams and to raise money and for
this and
that And the truth is that it's very good
Ah, the truth is that when things like this happen
in which you can't do much, I
prefer to stay a little on the sidelines
because I know that the whole country is involved
and there's no need to give it
publicity
or
give it coverage  let's say because I
am in Thailand and I can say it is
what I see through the networks but
above all because it is such a
big event it is something so hard that it has
moved all over the world that everyone
is
aware and that really I as
diffusion or as it would be silly would be to
put a tweet and Ah I am with Valencia
Ah I don't know
what seems more important to me to help in
other ways at this time for
these types of things that are a very
specific thing like the issue of the
Ela law for example that many people
were not aware that it was something more
specific for a certain group of
people that such and such Well there I do get involved
in diffusion because I believe that what
we
public figures have to do more than going out to
gain a
few visits to talk about the topic of the
moment okay Ah I think it is more
important that we do it for
more specific things okay it is very
good to do it but but I
prefer to do it in a particular way in
these In these cases not always when there has
been a natural disaster there is a
natural association I say of a disaster
of anything I always give money to
the same  same association is worth it
and in a particular way,
individually, and I don't have to be
saying if I give, or if I don't give, or if I
get involved in any way with that
issue or not, in this case, I already told you, I have not
considered
that my voice would help in
anything. I suppose that many people will think,
well, you had it as a public figure,
let's see, everyone. And when I say
everyone, I'm not talking about
Spain, everyone knows what
happened in
Valencia,
eh, it's something so extremely big that it shouldn't be
given publicity. Okay, for me to come out
here and say, oh, what a shame. I'm with
you. I don't know what, it doesn't help at all. I
agree.
And we were talking with Plex about doing
something, but not doing something now because
Plex wanted to do it now, and I told him,
wait because right now all
the associations are here, it's that right now
what's happening is that there are also a lot of
people doing things. So, more than
doing something new, what I was
doing in the other live shows is
promoting what already exists, there is the
crowdfunding, well, Paula Echevarra
put up a crowdfunding campaign that was going for 150,
160,000  eur I don't know who opened it I
saw it on Instagram stories but there's
another crowdfunding going for 170
1000 from j dalmao and sticks
e On the other hand there's gref's thing I think
gref's thing is going to be a beast
because gref has promised that whatever he
manages to raise which is going to be another
charity like the one he did for Fran in
Kick base base more than what he
got with Fran base more because this
cause obviously
and whatever Kick gets is going to be the
same to him I mean it's going to double but
gref is going to put the same out of his pocket I mean
imagine if gref tomorrow manages to
raise 100,000 kik puts in another 100,000 and
gref another 100,000 that is triples watch out
okay then there's little else we can do
but promote what
exists give it publicity move it and above
all remember not all of Spain is already I
think the army has arrived at once
jimz has raised more than  300,000 today
eh etcetera etcetera etcetera crazy and
us doing something like that well yes it can
raise money but what I said plex maybe it
is much better to raise money
in two months when everything falls into
oblivion like what happened in La Palma eh that right
now I mean right now
eh with so much confusion and so much looting and
so much movement it does not matter what you raise is on
your own eh 6,500 HM rolls of
paper if the transport does not arrive if there is
a problem of transporters truck
drivers trucks entries
exits
looting and then I eh I consider that
in that
case it was more important to do things
privately than publicly I understand
that other people think differently I
understand But I make my
decisions based on what
I consider worth there are
many people from all over Spain who have
gone to
clean up I do not have to make a video
saying go clean up in Valencia because
everyone knows it I repeat
everyone knows what there is
Okay and I suppose that in a
while then  something will be done to
help in another way but as I tell you,
diffusion is that it does not matter what I can
say, what I cannot say in these
because it is such an extremely big event
that no, it is not worth it and I do not want to
be a [ __ ]
hypocrite to say that you look good with
a tweet or with a video saying oh I
am with Valencia such and such because I am not
because I am here okay because morally I
can be but morally I prefer to
do other things
no And that there are people who are angry
people who are saying that or why do
people not speak out
everyone has spoken out but I
repeat myself make a video make a tweet
saying let's go Here we go No, it's that
everything is disorganized and at the same time
organized people have organized themselves
people have gone to clean up to
help as I told you I suppose that
the army has arrived and many times it is
more for posturing than to
really do something
okay And I find
myself with things that the
truth is Good that I
understand them, I understand them and I was not going to do it
directly or anything I mean I had not
planned to do anything I think yesterday in the or
before  Yesterday in the
live I commented on the subject of Valencia
that the situation was very very bad
that the situation was horrible that
they talked about 100 dead but that it was going to be a
lot
much There are thousands and that is more or less what I was
saying I think then
you find things that you say
Well
eh people who have followed you for a
long time and that you even know the name that
write very curious things very
curious things let's see and so that's why I
tell you that I don't want to be in the
pose I don't feel like being in the
pose
and when I do things I do them from the
heart I mean if there is
a person who is sick and you
know that they don't have much time left to live
I do things that I can do
physically I'm not going to do the pose
and the nonsense of saying things
from here for something so big in
which I'm not going to make a call to
people because people are already called
everyone knows
everyone knows that if they want to do something I'm
not going to say donate to this association or
donate another  association because whoever
wants to donate, does it, whoever wants to donate,
does it,
okay. That's very clear, whoever wants to
do something can do it, that
's impeccable, okay, in this case,
look, what I can tell you is that I've
covered it up here, okay. The
only thing I've been able to do is this,
okay. I always donate to the same
association, okay. This was on
Friday and I always donate to the same
association, there you have it, over there, it's
good that I don't know if my account can be seen or not, my
account can be seen,
no, no, I don't think my account can be seen.
Well, that's what I can do. I donated
2,000 bucks and for me 2,000 is a lot of
money, a lot of money, I always donate to the
same association, and I'm not interested in
saying which one it is because then if this
association are some sons of [ __ ], you say that
I supported an association that
are some sons of [ __ ], but I want to
tell you, many times posturing is what
rules and hypocrisy. And right
now there are so many people working, so many people who have
gone there to
clean, so many people who are
helping, so many people who are
from the area, I mean.  a lot of
people who are reporting I've been
watching videos of Cristina from Rubn gber
from a lot of people who are
there what the [ __ ] am I doing here let's see I'm going to
see what Cristina is going up
as she crosses the river there
are always police cars and what
the cell phone lights up
it's impressive the truth is yes
we can eh lend a hand
here my goodness
eh but she hasn't uploaded since yesterday she hasn't uploaded a
video from there she hasn't uploaded a video
Cristina going to nowhere nothing
looking good what I do is look good
in agreement
and and not post a tweet that with a tweet you
don't give coverage you give you dissemination
dissemination of what if everything is today Dana everything
is
Valencia do you understand whoever wants to help
help individually do
what they think they have to do in my
case whenever there are things whenever there are
things of this type I donate it's the
first time in my [ __ ] life and the last
time that I'm going to show if I donate or not I donate
or give or I don't give you know that I
took a [ __ ] plane to go see a
child who  I was
dying I've gone I've been with the family I've
been with him and I've
come back that happened and I do things
because I want to do them and from the heart
to
show off Well well then There it is but of
course there are a lot of people I'm telling you I'm not
going to get into it if you go to my
Twitter gossip or somewhere on YouTube Yes it's that there
were like people who were
throwing it in Fran's face I saw it today but
no I hadn't given it importance the
truth is there
were like people throwing it in his face that oh
but Fran
at the time asked for money and now he doesn't
say anything about this subject and it's
like wow
kiss urco a kiss gorgeous I mean
exactly let's see I do believe that that that
as long as it has to be a
person with diffusion it doesn't hurt
because the audience that Fran has even if
he says Well no Why am I going to
contribute if everyone is not a
viral case but well it has nothing to
do with it you can have an audience in fact I think he
has a different audience than
other people can have so
sharing things give visibility to
things and so on well no it doesn't hurt  ok hey
hey you didn't send me the you
didn't send me the thing about the
Andalusian theme you were going to send me the thing about the
Andalusian theme and you didn't send it to me
but anyway there were a lot of people
like throwing it at each other no oh Fran isn't
saying
n let's see what I look at something and I look at it
okay you want me to look at something and I
look at it to see apparently he's
been right putting me down
again on live let's see
what I'm seeing the last few days
is even making me feel sorry because we're
each doing our own thing I'm doing my
[ __ ] thing but anyway I'm like always
dealing with all the gossip that there is so much
on telesalseo the gossip and the ones
about Spain don't worry society and so on not what it's about whole
seo always
on the main channel all the things
that come out for main channel videos
okay
mm in fact
the last two videos have worked quite well from what I'm
watching well today's not so much but the
previous ones I'm seeing that they're not bad
but anyway I'm working there  uploading
content on my own as always Okay
and uploading content on the topics that
come out as always okay Dalas doing
his thing doing what he said okay
that he was going to be uploading the videos
that he wanted that he felt
like what he did
before And Javi are you thinking if we go to
Valencia no no no no no what's going on I can't I
can't Rodrigo I can't leave
my wife here alone with the kids right now I
mean the videos that
Dallas is uploading on the latest topics are
n't getting 300,000 views now he
uploaded another one a while ago too that's already got
70,000 I mean [ __ ] It's not bad let's
see if it's true that maybe
people are used to it or he's
used to having more views not on
gossip videos or whatever but damn
uploading a video rationing getting
300,000 isn't bad at all Well the
thing is that the guy is doing his own [ __ ] thing he's
not getting into controversy and he
's not doing anything and there are the usual ones
okay the twitterers and
those little channels always looking to
scratch to see if Dallas blinks, I mean,
they must be missing
Twitter, you can't see the likes anymore to
see what Dallas is liking
to release a video saying Dallas liked
a tweet about gref no or
something like that no because it
has to be Dallas by balls I've
seen some that even well they've
sent me a clip of some That even
saying Well if d isn't there we'll have
to go for Javi whatever it is
But it has to be the environment because they don't
know how to work in any other way well
work they don't know how to release any content
otherwise it has to be Dallas or
related to Dallas they don't know how to take it
now with all the chicks that
casu has and ngel Aguilar with everything that
the Didi case has, okay with all the
information that's coming out, I mean all the
topics that there are, all the ones that I'm uploading, I mean
you put on all
the videos that I'm uploading on the
main channel on telesalseo and la
salsera Okay, well you don't know, they don't know, they don't know, it has to
be Dallas So
let's see what the sister is doing, let's
go  let's see what Javi is doing
you know what the [ __ ] man I've seen some well
anyway I'm not going to go into details
Because still and I'll give you a video
to comment on what I'm commenting on
right now okay Oh he mentioned me he
mentioned me a week ago you know and I there's a
lot of subject If you see that you're not good at
uploading videos that aren't about Dallas I mean
if you see that Dallas looks like the
internet you have nothing to upload consider
that you're not
good at this consider that you're not
good at this you depend on
Dallas you know well Anyway I've
been seeing it around and basically uh he's
missing some begging Dallas to
please upload a video of some
controversy
okay But anyway apart from that
apparently today there was a space on Twitter
where r has given me
green I'm going to say after seeing how the
hell he's going to defend this rpol that he
marked and Fernando in his his his program
more
taron understand stop lying Well whatever like that
say hack the hackers let's
see what he's going to say what he's going to say is that
this graphic is noticeable that ardal has
been hacked Oh right but that man is
still  with this I mean this is what it is,
trust yourself, even Delox has
shut up eh Even Delox has shut up
I had three or four
things to comment on here Oh and to make
a video but the thing is that he has shut up ten I have
a few
things here accumulated to comment on but I
have them there but it's that SAT if he releases more
Delox videos when a Delox video comes out I'll comment on it
but the thing is that Delox
has shut up Ricky has
shut up too no I mean they have all shut up
each one is doing their own thing except those who
depend on Dallas man you have to know how to
let go you have to know how to
let go because he has suffered a lot Well he has
suffered a lot the money from You know
that no no there is nothing there is no demand there is
nothing Alan there is nothing there is
nothing investor was lost don't mind if he
suffered or not suffered if he is Jesus Christ or not
eh let's see what he's going to think
Because he always passes these topics
by for example the
Bots issue where I showed the evidence that
Bots did get involved and where even
the  social Blade where Bots got into The
same date the conversation that I have
and that skipped it is more he takes it as a
joke he laughs he says churr ra this this is
crazy how it goes dec that Bots gets involved and
I have all the proof that Bots got involved
recorded conversation
email social Blade all the
proof but Ur always dodges you know
churra but he doesn't give a damn about
everything I do to him and bought
XD that the subject wants
the Good churra to come here if erdal said that he
had something with a dog I suppose he
has proof he supposes he doesn't suppose but
when we show the proof in his
[ __ ] face he doesn't say
anything but because what I say is so important to them
and the topics that I choose
to comment on they have a ton of
channels that are going to comment on any
tab that falls Dallas but you
realize that look eh they have a
thing with me which is that my opinion
matters a
lot why Because it is very obvious I
know the reason the reason I know it because
the day that I say or when I say that
I think something is wrong with Dallas has more
weight than if anyone says it  the
bad channels Why Because the
bad channels are always going to say that
everything seems bad about Dallas Dallas
argues with Ricky on behalf of Ricky
Dallas argues with Mr. Doctor
on behalf of Mr. Doctor Dallas then
if I suddenly say Well I don't
like this Damn Dallas that is known to be
objective because it is being said by a
person who is not
eh twisting every move of
Dallas and because they also know
perfectly well that my audience is not
their audience man yesterday's live
I forgot to put it I was going to put it in a
tweet okay luar But that for Twitter or
for here but for Twitter I see it more not
here I'm going now eh man I am
live gossiping about the Valencia subject
man I understand that they have a
somewhat special audience that
maybe the misfortunes they pass a
bit by the balls as a joke I don't know the
truth
but I kiss tuntum First do a live
without a shirt and then we'll see I've already
said it I mean it's not an audience that I
demand or that I care about losing I mean you
understand I mean no it's not
my audience then  eh Why Why is
my opinion important well my opinion
is important because my audience the
people who follow me are not
and it is not the same This is
not someone who is going to look for you on
telesalseo and
put a doggy emoji and a
bone emoji on a live telesalseo
not from telesalseo in a live
telesalseo from
Valencia public for you yours and
all the r So they care a lot about what I
think the [ __ ] you have you have I don't know if there
are 10 channels or 15 channels I don't know that they
are on all day Dallas Dallas Dallas
what the [ __ ] Dallas has
disappeared Dallas and they are there
please give him something
something Javi is a Shameless r if you
want to make a clip Javi what a
Shameless money launderer of criminals
and these RS if people from his community
ate this rpol from here he is also
as guilty as and Fernando ureta
why not I am guilty of a rpol
just as much of a clown as delox let's wait and
see I am a money launderer of
criminals
so what have you  It's been until you
fought with Dallas, the same as
Delox, the
very same Javier shows the ABS in
protest against Auron, no Alex, that's what
you said later on that there was no
one as pure and honest as Dallas
while I was with him involved in
all the cryptocurrencies that you were
doing, now suddenly like the same, the very same, the very same
as
Delox the other day he papped you on the nter
flay and told you that you are a scammer and
an abuser and you ate it with
potatoes what the [ __ ] are you talking to me rol ni
r pal they have sent me things that
you have created a token that you are
saying that it is not your token but you
are moving your token
but since I do not understand this, I
cannot confirm that it is your token or not. They
have sent me a token,
many people have written to me. Hey, there is a token
called
cts that R in his live he starts
promoting it as if it were not his but it is
his and well because there are
somewhat peculiar movements but I
have no [ __ ] idea then  that's why I
neither accuse nor point out nor do I nor do I
comment on things about cryptocurrencies, you know man
8% Yes yes but the thing is that I don't comment on things
about cryptocurrencies because I don't know how to comment on
them, it can't be that the entire internet is saying that these are a couple of scammers who have been scamming for 11 years and he is the only blind one who doesn't realize it's not that they are the haters because he is a good churra pig has said that he has
had
something my Ha I like him I watch his
telesalseo content every afternoon
with a colacao and it entertains me but he is
a slander and I like him I
watch his content
from his [ __ ] click cutting every last
clip and you from all your clips I say it
every day and I say it every day
my Stream and I tell them this guy is a
slanderer he is a manipulator he manipulates
all the information as he pleases
what he wants to leave me as if I
were crazy and with proof I tell him that
the crazy one is him who is defending a
psychopath that the things he does no longer make any
sense, I mean
d already, why would I slander because  he's already
making a fool of himself So much every
day, I mean with this
game thing he's just made an
absolute fool of himself pretending he's an expert
in cryptos already And he's still on
Twitter saying no because it's that I've
learned Too much I've learned
too much and three Doritos later they
hacked me they hacked me they
hacked me they took
all the liqu come on brother they are a
meme they really are a meme and what about
Javi Javi I'm sure he's going to touch on
this topic 10 seconds that they got involved r
Fernando and him and I told him
privately Javi I told him you're defending
a scammer Fernando is a criminal
already he's a scammer too you're
defending him you're making a fool of yourself
What did he do I haven't defended any
scammer much less have I not
defended no lo with good grandpa you
know something curious in many countries Today
is Day of the Dead where
many haters of Dallas are from and it seems
incredible to me if you saw coco how can there be
many of them who prefer to spend the
day in Dallas and their games than on
family I don't even know  what the [ __ ] are you
talking about we're talking about Empire on shine
Dallas crypto game Ah Dallas is going to
release a crypto game
well man it's that tremendous
an Ah that he already released it yesterday or the
game a game that this who Who has
talked about
this not even Peter don't go through the balls
what I told him to say that I was
crazy and now who looks like a crazy him
and the other two crazy ones the crazy ones
are
them no ra no the one who is more ara is
you man you are more ara you are more ara man you
are collaborating there with all the people
who have called you
scammer It's that to turn this around
again the same as the
delos Okay guys I'm going to sleep Because
tomorrow I have to get up at 10
kid I'm going to sleep Because tomorrow I have to
get up at 10 kid to
see
dinosaurs for a dinosaur event
guys I'm leaving okay tomorrow Hey where is
Serene
where is Serene It's that
dude literally starts saying It's not that
Javi doesn't deal with this topic I have no
[ __ ] idea dude nobody is talking about that
[ __ ] video game you guys only okay And that's it but
where  is serene Where
is the
restraining order that those topics are not discussed
luare Ah luare tomorrow we will discuss that Ah
okay okay okay for Twitter Okay then I
'll put it on Twitter now guys a kiss a
kiss I'm playing the game it's
fun but I have no [ __ ] idea no
[ __ ] idea about that Where is the
class action lawsuit that they were going to publish either
but it's already embarrassing No longer these topics
of looking to hit on anything is already
embarrassing No longer it's lazy even
no oh well
people we will see each other tomorrow
okay tomorrow video on the main channel
for sure eh A big kiss
[Music]